# First-year Master Thesis : Personality detection on Human-Robot Interaction

The personality of an individual influences his thoughts, emotions, and behaviours in different situations. The personality studies can be applied in different domains such as in education, in medicine, in company management, and in consumer research, to provide a suitable environment for individuals with different personalities. This first-year master thesis consists in the personality detection in human-robot interaction(HRI), based on Nass’s postulate that the human communicates with a machine in the same way that with another human. 

In the first part of the thesis, we present the context of the personality detection, the existent personality theories and models, as well as the current study of personality detection in the field of natural language processing. In the second part, we explain the conduction of the HRI experience, including conversation design (corpus Geek), and the use of Magicien d'Oz to control the interaction. The gender and age information of 20 participants are presented, as well as two questionnaires for the collection of their self-estimated personality and feedback. The third part describes multimodal data collection and processing. A guideline is presented for the data annotation and extraction, including the conversational strategies, visual signals (facial expressions, gestures, posture, body and eye movement), and audio signals (prosodic, spectral, and voice quality features). Machine learning classifiers are then applied on the multimodal dataset for personality detection. In the end, we analyze the results, indicate points that need to be improved in our approach, and the perspective in personality detection on HRI.
